Fixups for the developer tutorial. (#33042)
idaholab/moose: tutorials/darcy_thermo_mech/doc/content/workshop/numerical/fem_overview.md

Polynomial fitting:

> - Choose basis functions and form equations for the expansion coefficients

Reviewer: I actually prefer the previous version of this line; in the naive polynomial fitting that we do above, we're barely "choosing basis functions", we're just choosing the degree of our monomial basis.

Reviewer: I do like the parallel between this and choosing the FEM basis below, though.  Maybe "Choose polynomial basis degree, and form equations for the coefficients"?  No need for "expansion" here.

> - Solve the resulting algebraic system

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Solve the resulting algebraic linear system
```

The fact that a polynomial fit is always linear but FEM might go nonlinear isn't something we want to gloss over.

- Evaluate the polynomial expansion to reconstruct the fitted function

Finite Element method:

> - Choose element shape functions and write the approximate solution in terms of coefficients

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Choose basis functions and write the approximate solution in terms of coefficients
```

Technically the element shape functions alone don't define the basis; e.g. our `LAGRANGE` and `L2_LAGRANGE` have the same functions but because they have different continuity (or equivalently different DoF functionals, though that's never made explicit in libMesh/MOOSE) they're different bases.

> - Form element weak-form residual equations by weighting the PDE residual with test functions

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Form weak-form residual equations, weighting the strong-form PDE residual with test functions
```

The integration by parts is too much detail to digress into here, but at least we can avoid accidentally implying that the weighting is the *only* thing that turns strong forms to weak.

- Assemble and solve the global algebraic system
- Evaluate the finite element expansion to reconstruct the approximate solution

> - Re-evaluate the residual and iterate for nonlinear equations

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Re-evaluate the residual and iterate (for nonlinear equations)
```

Yeah, in practice I like to re-evaluate for linear equations too, but "just be sure to get the linear solver settings right" is a simple and popular alternative.
